Zqs 1097/build custatevec (#19)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-cirq: README.md

Even though it's intended to be used with Orquestra, `orquestra-cirq` can be also used as a Python module.
To install it, make to install `orquestra-quantum` first. Then you just need to run `pip install .` from the main directory.

> If you want to import `QSimSimulator`, you are requried to run `pip install -e .[qsim]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to import `QSimSimulator`, you have to install it with the extra dependencies by running `pip install -e .[qsim]`.
```

sim = QSimSimulator(qsim_options=qsim_options)
```

> `CuStateVecSimulator` by default is set to `use_gpu=true` and `gpu_mode=1`. Below is an example of importing `CuStateVecSimulator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CuStateVecSimulator` is using `QsimSimulator` and by default is set to `use_gpu=true` and `gpu_mode=1`. Below is an example of importing `CuStateVecSimulator`:
```
